need to ship a USB sensor:

David Anderson
UBC Space Sciences Lab
7 Gauss Way
Berkeley CA  94720


Peter Sláčik
Pri Šajbách 14/A
83106 Bratislava
Slovak Republic


Hubert J. Casner
915 Jackson Av
Raymond, WA 98577


QCNLive

cut-and-paste doesn't work for lat,lng in local prefs box -- also a way to integrate google maps lookup?

priorities are QCNLive with start-stop recording and a few other cosmetics and
functionality issues. 

a) 10 second (or 1 minute or 10 minute) numbers on the horizontal so it is even easier to see.  
b) An option to scale the vertical and horizontal scales to various levels.  Not just scaled & absolute.
c) A scroll bar at the bottom to more fluidly move back through time.
d) Tick marks that move against our current tick marks in 10 second intervals.

e) They would particularly like to see a way to read sensor data back into QCNLive. (this is something I would love too, but doesn’t need to be done right away).

IRIS has access to lots of tools that we could integrate into QCN: For example:
http://rev.seis.sc.edu/stations.html
http://rev.seis.sc.edu/

todo:

When you do get around to qcnwx, there are some things I'd like
added/changed.

1) I'd like to add a button for record/stop recording, so that users can
output the series they want.

2) Several users have requested an xyz output instead of sac. So, I'd like a
switch to toggle back and forth between xyz and sac output.

3) output jpg files to a pic directory rather than sac directory

------------------------

* small program to verify accelerometer is on the system and what type(s) found

------------------------

trigger map:

Can we add the plate boundaries (like with the globe viewing)?  Elizabeth
may have the faults for California as well. That would be really cool!!!! If
those could be button options either on the side or on the map it would be
great!!!!!

Could we have a plot of recent earthquakes? Either as a button option on the
same map, or as a second identical map.  The USGS has maps for these
earthquakes, but I figure it is nice to have maps in the same format.

------------------------


